com/android/apksig/internal/apk/v1/V1SchemeSigner.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.V1SchemeSigner
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.V1SchemeSigner$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.V1SchemeSigner$OutputManifestFile
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.V1SchemeSigner$SignerConfig
android/sun/security/ec/NamedCurve.java
 android.sun.security.ec.NamedCurve
android/sun/security/x509/SubjectInfoAccessExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.SubjectInfoAccessExtension
android/sun/security/x509/AlgorithmId.java
 android.sun.security.x509.AlgorithmId
com/android/apksig/internal/util/X509CertificateUtils.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.X509CertificateUtils
com/android/apksig/internal/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.x509.RelativeDistinguishedName
com/android/apksig/zip/ZipFormatException.java
 com.android.apksig.zip.ZipFormatException
android/sun/security/x509/RDN.java
 android.sun.security.x509.AVAComparator
 android.sun.security.x509.RDN
com/android/apksigner/PasswordRetriever.java
 com.android.apksigner.PasswordRetriever
android/sun/security/x509/X509AttributeName.java
 android.sun.security.x509.X509AttributeName
android/sun/security/provider/KeyProtector.java
 android.sun.security.provider.KeyProtector
android/sun/security/provider/certpath/X509CertificatePair.java
 android.sun.security.provider.certpath.X509CertificatePair
android/sun/security/util/Cache.java
 android.sun.security.util.Cache
 android.sun.security.util.Cache$CacheVisitor
 android.sun.security.util.Cache$EqualByteArray
 android.sun.security.util.MemoryCache
 android.sun.security.util.MemoryCache$CacheEntry
 android.sun.security.util.MemoryCache$HardCacheEntry
 android.sun.security.util.MemoryCache$SoftCacheEntry
 android.sun.security.util.NullCache
android/sun/misc/CharacterEncoder.java
 android.sun.misc.CharacterEncoder
com/android/apksigner/ParameterException.java
 com.android.apksigner.ParameterException
com/android/apksig/internal/x509/AttributeTypeAndValue.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.x509.AttributeTypeAndValue
com/android/apksig/internal/pkcs7/AlgorithmIdentifier.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.pkcs7.AlgorithmIdentifier
 com.android.apksig.internal.pkcs7.AlgorithmIdentifier$1
android/sun/security/x509/GeneralSubtrees.java
 android.sun.security.x509.GeneralSubtrees
android/sun/misc/HexDumpEncoder.java
 android.sun.misc.HexDumpEncoder
android/sun/security/x509/IssuerAlternativeNameExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.IssuerAlternativeNameExtension
android/sun/security/x509/CertificateAlgorithmId.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificateAlgorithmId
android/sun/security/provider/JavaKeyStoreProvider.java
 android.sun.security.provider.JavaKeyStoreProvider
android/sun/security/x509/DNSName.java
 android.sun.security.x509.DNSName
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/Asn1TagClass.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1TagClass
android/sun/security/pkcs/SigningCertificateInfo.java
 android.sun.security.pkcs.ESSCertId
 android.sun.security.pkcs.SigningCertificateInfo
android/sun/security/x509/X509CertImpl.java
 android.sun.security.x509.X509CertImpl
android/sun/security/x509/Extension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.Extension
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/SignatureInfo.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.SignatureInfo
android/sun/security/x509/CertificateSubjectName.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificateSubjectName
com/android/apksig/internal/pkcs7/ContentInfo.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.pkcs7.ContentInfo
com/mcal/apksigner/BuildConfig.java
 com.mcal.apksigner.BuildConfig
android/sun/misc/BASE64Decoder.java
 android.sun.misc.BASE64Decoder
com/android/apksig/internal/jar/SignatureFileWriter.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.jar.SignatureFileWriter
com/android/apksig/apk/ApkSigningBlockNotFoundException.java
 com.android.apksig.apk.ApkSigningBlockNotFoundException
android/sun/misc/BASE64Encoder.java
 android.sun.misc.BASE64Encoder
android/sun/security/x509/SubjectAlternativeNameExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.SubjectAlternativeNameExtension
com/android/apksig/internal/util/ByteBufferSink.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.ByteBufferSink
android/sun/security/x509/OIDMap.java
 android.sun.security.x509.OIDMap
 android.sun.security.x509.OIDMap$OIDInfo
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/ber/InputStreamBerDataValueReader.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.ber.InputStreamBerDataValueReader
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.ber.InputStreamBerDataValueReader$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.ber.InputStreamBerDataValueReader$RecordingInputStream
android/sun/security/x509/IPAddressName.java
 android.sun.security.x509.IPAddressName
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/ber/BerDataValueFormatException.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.ber.BerDataValueFormatException
android/sun/security/pkcs/PKCS10Attribute.java
 android.sun.security.pkcs.PKCS10Attribute
android/sun/security/x509/AuthorityInfoAccessExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.AuthorityInfoAccessExtension
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/Asn1DerEncoder.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1DerEncoder
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1DerEncoder$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1DerEncoder$AnnotatedField
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1DerEncoder$ByteArrayLexicographicComparator
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1DerEncoder$JavaToDerConverter
android/sun/security/pkcs/PKCS10Attributes.java
 android.sun.security.pkcs.PKCS10Attributes
com/android/apksig/internal/util/RandomAccessFileDataSink.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.RandomAccessFileDataSink
com/android/apksig/util/DataSinks.java
 com.android.apksig.util.DataSinks
android/sun/security/action/GetBooleanAction.java
 android.sun.security.action.GetBooleanAction
android/sun/security/x509/CertificateIssuerUniqueIdentity.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificateIssuerUniqueIdentity
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/stamp/V2SourceStampSigner.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.stamp.V2SourceStampSigner
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.stamp.V2SourceStampSigner$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.stamp.V2SourceStampSigner$SourceStampBlock
com/android/apksig/internal/util/InclusiveIntRange.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.InclusiveIntRange
com/android/apksig/util/DataSource.java
 com.android.apksig.util.DataSource
android/sun/misc/CEStreamExhausted.java
 android.sun.misc.CEStreamExhausted
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/stamp/V1SourceStampVerifier.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.stamp.V1SourceStampVerifier
android/sun/misc/CharacterDecoder.java
 android.sun.misc.CharacterDecoder
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/ber/BerDataValueReader.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.ber.BerDataValueReader
android/sun/security/util/ObjectIdentifier.java
 android.sun.security.util.ObjectIdentifier
 android.sun.security.util.ObjectIdentifier$HugeOidNotSupportedByOldJDK
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/v1/V1SchemeVerifier.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.V1SchemeVerifier
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.V1SchemeVerifier$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.V1SchemeVerifier$NamedDigest
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.V1SchemeVerifier$ObjectIdentifierChoice
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.V1SchemeVerifier$OctetStringChoice
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.V1SchemeVerifier$Result
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.V1SchemeVerifier$Result$SignerInfo
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.V1SchemeVerifier$SignedAttributes
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.V1SchemeVerifier$Signer
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.V1SchemeVerifier$Signers
com/android/apksig/internal/oid/OidConstants.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.oid.OidConstants
 com.android.apksig.internal.oid.OidConstants$OidToUserFriendlyNameMapper
com/android/apksig/internal/pkcs7/SignerIdentifier.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.pkcs7.SignerIdentifier
android/sun/security/x509/GeneralSubtree.java
 android.sun.security.x509.GeneralSubtree
android/sun/security/util/DerInputStream.java
 android.sun.security.util.DerInputStream
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/ber/BerEncoding.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.ber.BerEncoding
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.ber.BerEncoding$1
com/android/apksig/internal/util/MessageDigestSink.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.MessageDigestSink
com/android/apksig/internal/util/FileChannelDataSource.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.FileChannelDataSource
android/sun/security/pkcs12/MacData.java
 android.sun.security.pkcs12.MacData
android/sun/security/x509/IssuingDistributionPointExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.IssuingDistributionPointExtension
android/sun/security/x509/CertificateSubjectUniqueIdentity.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificateSubjectUniqueIdentity
com/android/apksig/util/DataSink.java
 com.android.apksig.util.DataSink
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/v4/V4Signature.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v4.V4Signature
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v4.V4Signature$HashingInfo
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v4.V4Signature$SigningInfo
android/sun/security/x509/SubjectKeyIdentifierExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.SubjectKeyIdentifierExtension
com/android/apksig/ApkVerifier.java
 com.android.apksig.ApkVerifier
 com.android.apksig.ApkVerifier$1
 com.android.apksig.ApkVerifier$Builder
 com.android.apksig.ApkVerifier$ByteArray
 com.android.apksig.ApkVerifier$Issue
 com.android.apksig.ApkVerifier$IssueWithParams
 com.android.apksig.ApkVerifier$Result
 com.android.apksig.ApkVerifier$Result$SourceStampInfo
 com.android.apksig.ApkVerifier$Result$V1SchemeSignerInfo
 com.android.apksig.ApkVerifier$Result$V2SchemeSignerInfo
 com.android.apksig.ApkVerifier$Result$V3SchemeSignerInfo
 com.android.apksig.ApkVerifier$Result$V4SchemeSignerInfo
android/sun/security/x509/UniqueIdentity.java
 android.sun.security.x509.UniqueIdentity
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/ber/BerDataValue.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.ber.BerDataValue
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.ber.BerDataValue$ParsedValueReader
com/android/apksig/internal/util/ByteStreams.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.ByteStreams
com/android/apksig/internal/pkcs7/IssuerAndSerialNumber.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.pkcs7.IssuerAndSerialNumber
android/sun/security/ec/ECParameters.java
 android.sun.security.ec.ECParameters
com/android/apksig/internal/util/GuaranteedEncodedFormX509Certificate.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.GuaranteedEncodedFormX509Certificate
android/sun/security/x509/CertificatePoliciesExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificatePoliciesExtension
com/android/apksig/internal/jar/ManifestParser.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.jar.ManifestParser
 com.android.apksig.internal.jar.ManifestParser$Attribute
 com.android.apksig.internal.jar.ManifestParser$Section
android/sun/security/x509/OCSPNoCheckExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.OCSPNoCheckExtension
com/android/apksig/SigningCertificateLineage.java
 com.android.apksig.SigningCertificateLineage
 com.android.apksig.SigningCertificateLineage$1
 com.android.apksig.SigningCertificateLineage$Builder
 com.android.apksig.SigningCertificateLineage$SignerCapabilities
 com.android.apksig.SigningCertificateLineage$SignerCapabilities$Builder
 com.android.apksig.SigningCertificateLineage$SignerConfig
 com.android.apksig.SigningCertificateLineage$SignerConfig$Builder
android/sun/security/x509/X509CertInfo.java
 android.sun.security.x509.X509CertInfo
com/android/apksig/internal/util/Pair.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.Pair
android/sun/security/x509/PKIXExtensions.java
 android.sun.security.x509.PKIXExtensions
android/sun/security/x509/AlgIdDSA.java
 android.sun.security.x509.AlgIdDSA
com/android/apksig/Hints.java
 com.android.apksig.Hints
 com.android.apksig.Hints$ByteRange
 com.android.apksig.Hints$PatternWithRange
android/sun/security/util/DerIndefLenConverter.java
 android.sun.security.util.DerIndefLenConverter
android/sun/security/x509/KeyUsageExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.KeyUsageExtension
com/android/apksig/DefaultApkSignerEngine.java
 com.android.apksig.DefaultApkSignerEngine
 com.android.apksig.DefaultApkSignerEngine$1
 com.android.apksig.DefaultApkSignerEngine$Builder
 com.android.apksig.DefaultApkSignerEngine$CompoundInspectJarEntryRequest
 com.android.apksig.DefaultApkSignerEngine$GetJarEntryDataDigestRequest
 com.android.apksig.DefaultApkSignerEngine$GetJarEntryDataRequest
 com.android.apksig.DefaultApkSignerEngine$OutputApkSigningBlockRequestImpl
 com.android.apksig.DefaultApkSignerEngine$OutputJarSignatureRequestImpl
 com.android.apksig.DefaultApkSignerEngine$SignerConfig
 com.android.apksig.DefaultApkSignerEngine$SignerConfig$Builder
android/sun/security/x509/DistributionPoint.java
 android.sun.security.x509.DistributionPoint
android/sun/security/pkcs/ContentInfo.java
 android.sun.security.pkcs.ContentInfo
android/sun/security/pkcs/PKCS8Key.java
 android.sun.security.pkcs.PKCS8Key
com/android/apksig/internal/util/DelegatingX509Certificate.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.DelegatingX509Certificate
android/sun/security/x509/RFC822Name.java
 android.sun.security.x509.RFC822Name
android/sun/security/x509/SerialNumber.java
 android.sun.security.x509.SerialNumber
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/Asn1Field.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1Field
com/android/apksig/internal/pkcs7/Pkcs7Constants.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.pkcs7.Pkcs7Constants
android/sun/security/x509/AccessDescription.java
 android.sun.security.x509.AccessDescription
android/sun/security/util/DerEncoder.java
 android.sun.security.util.DerEncoder
android/sun/security/x509/AuthorityKeyIdentifierExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.AuthorityKeyIdentifierExtension
com/android/apksig/internal/util/ByteBufferDataSource.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.ByteBufferDataSource
android/sun/security/pkcs/ParsingException.java
 android.sun.security.pkcs.ParsingException
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/ber/ByteBufferBerDataValueReader.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.ber.ByteBufferBerDataValueReader
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/v4/V4SchemeVerifier.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v4.V4SchemeVerifier
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/ContentDigestAlgorithm.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ContentDigestAlgorithm
com/android/apksig/internal/zip/EocdRecord.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.zip.EocdRecord
com/android/apksig/internal/util/ChainedDataSource.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.ChainedDataSource
com/android/apksig/apk/MinSdkVersionException.java
 com.android.apksig.apk.MinSdkVersionException
android/sun/security/x509/X400Address.java
 android.sun.security.x509.X400Address
android/sun/security/x509/CertAttrSet.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertAttrSet
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/Asn1Type.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1Type
com/android/apksig/internal/pkcs7/EncapsulatedContentInfo.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.pkcs7.EncapsulatedContentInfo
com/android/apksig/internal/x509/SubjectPublicKeyInfo.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.x509.SubjectPublicKeyInfo
android/sun/security/util/ByteArrayLexOrder.java
 android.sun.security.util.ByteArrayLexOrder
com/android/apksig/internal/zip/LocalFileRecord.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.zip.LocalFileRecord
 com.android.apksig.internal.zip.LocalFileRecord$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.zip.LocalFileRecord$InflateSinkAdapter
android/sun/security/x509/InhibitAnyPolicyExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.InhibitAnyPolicyExtension
com/android/apksig/internal/x509/RSAPublicKey.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.x509.RSAPublicKey
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/v3/V3SchemeSigner.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v3.V3SchemeSigner
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v3.V3SchemeSigner$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v3.V3SchemeSigner$V3SignatureSchemeBlock
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v3.V3SchemeSigner$V3SignatureSchemeBlock$SignedData
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v3.V3SchemeSigner$V3SignatureSchemeBlock$Signer
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/stamp/V1SourceStampSigner.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.stamp.V1SourceStampSigner
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.stamp.V1SourceStampSigner$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.stamp.V1SourceStampSigner$SourceStampBlock
android/sun/security/action/GetPropertyAction.java
 android.sun.security.action.GetPropertyAction
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/v3/V3SchemeVerifier.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v3.V3SchemeVerifier
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/Asn1OpaqueObject.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1OpaqueObject
android/sun/security/x509/DeltaCRLIndicatorExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.DeltaCRLIndicatorExtension
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/Asn1DecodingException.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1DecodingException
com/android/apksig/util/RunnablesExecutor.java
 com.android.apksig.util.RunnablesExecutor
 com.android.apksig.util.RunnablesExecutor$1
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/Asn1EncodingException.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1EncodingException
com/android/apksig/internal/x509/Name.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.x509.Name
android/sun/security/x509/ExtendedKeyUsageExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.ExtendedKeyUsageExtension
android/sun/security/x509/CRLExtensions.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CRLExtensions
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/Asn1Class.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1Class
android/sun/security/util/BitArray.java
 android.sun.security.util.BitArray
android/sun/security/x509/CertParseError.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertParseError
android/sun/security/provider/certpath/X509CertPath.java
 android.sun.security.provider.certpath.X509CertPath
com/android/apksig/internal/util/TeeDataSink.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.TeeDataSink
com/android/apksigner/utils/FileUtils.java
 com.android.apksigner.utils.FileUtils
com/android/apksig/apk/CodenameMinSdkVersionException.java
 com.android.apksig.apk.CodenameMinSdkVersionException
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/stamp/V2SourceStampVerifier.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.stamp.V2SourceStampVerifier
android/sun/security/x509/PolicyInformation.java
 android.sun.security.x509.PolicyInformation
android/sun/security/x509/CertificateExtensions.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificateExtensions
 android.sun.security.x509.UnparseableExtension
android/sun/security/x509/PolicyMappingsExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.PolicyMappingsExtension
android/sun/security/pkcs/PKCS9Attribute.java
 android.sun.security.pkcs.PKCS9Attribute
com/android/apksig/internal/util/SupplierCompat.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.SupplierCompat
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/v4/V4SchemeSigner.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v4.V4SchemeSigner
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v4.V4SchemeSigner$1
android/sun/security/provider/X509Factory.java
 android.sun.security.provider.X509Factory
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/stamp/SourceStampVerifier.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.stamp.SourceStampVerifier
android/sun/security/x509/OIDName.java
 android.sun.security.x509.OIDName
android/sun/security/pkcs/PKCS7.java
 android.sun.security.pkcs.PKCS7
android/sun/security/pkcs/SignerInfo.java
 android.sun.security.pkcs.SignerInfo
android/sun/security/x509/NetscapeCertTypeExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.NetscapeCertTypeExtension
 android.sun.security.x509.NetscapeCertTypeExtension$MapEntry
com/android/apksig/internal/util/MathCompat.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.MathCompat
android/sun/security/x509/CertificatePolicySet.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificatePolicySet
com/android/apksig/internal/zip/ZipUtils.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.zip.ZipUtils
 com.android.apksig.internal.zip.ZipUtils$DeflateResult
android/sun/security/x509/CertificateSerialNumber.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificateSerialNumber
android/sun/misc/CEFormatException.java
 android.sun.misc.CEFormatException
android/sun/security/util/Debug.java
 android.sun.security.util.Debug
android/sun/security/ec/ECPrivateKeyImpl.java
 android.sun.security.ec.ECPrivateKeyImpl
com/android/apksig/internal/pkcs7/Pkcs7DecodingException.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.pkcs7.Pkcs7DecodingException
android/sun/security/util/DerInputBuffer.java
 android.sun.security.util.DerInputBuffer
android/sun/security/x509/PolicyConstraintsExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.PolicyConstraintsExtension
android/sun/security/x509/ReasonFlags.java
 android.sun.security.x509.ReasonFlags
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/AndroidBinXmlParser.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.AndroidBinXmlParser
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.AndroidBinXmlParser$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.AndroidBinXmlParser$Attribute
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.AndroidBinXmlParser$Chunk
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.AndroidBinXmlParser$ResourceMap
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.AndroidBinXmlParser$StringPool
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.AndroidBinXmlParser$XmlParserException
com/android/apksig/internal/pkcs7/SignedData.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.pkcs7.SignedData
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/Asn1Tagging.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1Tagging
android/sun/security/pkcs/PKCS9Attributes.java
 android.sun.security.pkcs.PKCS9Attributes
android/sun/security/x509/CRLDistributionPointsExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CRLDistributionPointsExtension
com/android/apksig/internal/x509/Time.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.x509.Time
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/v3/V3SigningCertificateLineage.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v3.V3SigningCertificateLineage
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v3.V3SigningCertificateLineage$SigningCertificateNode
com/android/apksig/internal/pkcs7/Attribute.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.pkcs7.Attribute
com/android/apksig/apk/ApkUtils.java
 com.android.apksig.apk.ApkUtils
 com.android.apksig.apk.ApkUtils$1
 com.android.apksig.apk.ApkUtils$ApkSigningBlock
 com.android.apksig.apk.ApkUtils$CodenamesLazyInitializer
 com.android.apksig.apk.ApkUtils$CodenamesLazyInitializer$ByFirstComparator
 com.android.apksig.apk.ApkUtils$ZipSections
com/android/apksig/ApkSignerEngine.java
 com.android.apksig.ApkSignerEngine
 com.android.apksig.ApkSignerEngine$InputJarEntryInstructions
 com.android.apksig.ApkSignerEngine$InputJarEntryInstructions$OutputPolicy
 com.android.apksig.ApkSignerEngine$InspectJarEntryRequest
 com.android.apksig.ApkSignerEngine$OutputApkSigningBlockRequest
 com.android.apksig.ApkSignerEngine$OutputApkSigningBlockRequest2
 com.android.apksig.ApkSignerEngine$OutputJarSignatureRequest
 com.android.apksig.ApkSignerEngine$OutputJarSignatureRequest$JarEntry
android/sun/security/x509/DistributionPointName.java
 android.sun.security.x509.DistributionPointName
com/android/apksig/internal/util/AndroidSdkVersion.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.AndroidSdkVersion
android/sun/security/util/DerValue.java
 android.sun.security.util.DerValue
android/sun/security/x509/CRLNumberExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CRLNumberExtension
android/sun/security/x509/GeneralNameInterface.java
 android.sun.security.x509.GeneralNameInterface
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/v2/V2SchemeSigner.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v2.V2SchemeSigner
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v2.V2SchemeSigner$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v2.V2SchemeSigner$V2SignatureSchemeBlock
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v2.V2SchemeSigner$V2SignatureSchemeBlock$SignedData
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v2.V2SchemeSigner$V2SignatureSchemeBlock$Signer
com/android/apksig/internal/x509/Certificate.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.x509.Certificate
android/sun/security/x509/CertificateValidity.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificateValidity
com/android/apksigner/SignerParams.java
 com.android.apksigner.SignerParams
android/sun/security/x509/KeyIdentifier.java
 android.sun.security.x509.KeyIdentifier
com/android/apksig/apk/ApkFormatException.java
 com.android.apksig.apk.ApkFormatException
com/android/apksigner/OptionsParser.java
 com.android.apksigner.OptionsParser
 com.android.apksigner.OptionsParser$OptionsException
com/android/apksig/internal/util/ClassCompat.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.ClassCompat
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/ApkSigningBlockUtils.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$ChunkDigester
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$ChunkDigests
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$ChunkSupplier
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$ChunkSupplier$Chunk
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$NoSupportedSignaturesException
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$Result
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$Result$SignerInfo
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$Result$SignerInfo$AdditionalAttribute
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$Result$SignerInfo$ContentDigest
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$Result$SignerInfo$Signature
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$SignatureNotFoundException
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$SignerConfig
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$SigningSchemeBlockAndDigests
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$SupportedSignature
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.ApkSigningBlockUtils$VerityTreeAndDigest
android/sun/security/x509/InvalidityDateExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.InvalidityDateExtension
android/sun/security/x509/CertificatePolicyId.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificatePolicyId
android/sun/security/ec/ECPublicKeyImpl.java
 android.sun.security.ec.ECPublicKeyImpl
com/android/apksig/internal/pkcs7/SignerInfo.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.pkcs7.SignerInfo
com/android/apksig/internal/util/ByteArrayDataSink.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.ByteArrayDataSink
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.ByteArrayDataSink$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.ByteArrayDataSink$SliceDataSource
android/sun/security/x509/CertificateIssuerExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificateIssuerExtension
com/android/apksigner/HexEncoding.java
 com.android.apksigner.HexEncoding
com/android/apksigner/ApkSignerTool.java
 com.android.apksigner.ApkSignerTool
 com.android.apksigner.ApkSignerTool$1
 com.android.apksigner.ApkSignerTool$ProviderInstallSpec
android/sun/security/x509/X509CRLEntryImpl.java
 android.sun.security.x509.X509CRLEntryImpl
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/v1/DigestAlgorithm.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.DigestAlgorithm
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.DigestAlgorithm$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v1.DigestAlgorithm$StrengthComparator
android/sun/security/x509/FreshestCRLExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.FreshestCRLExtension
android/sun/security/util/DerOutputStream.java
 android.sun.security.util.DerOutputStream
android/sun/security/x509/X500Name.java
 android.sun.security.x509.X500Name
android/sun/security/pkcs12/PKCS12KeyStore.java
 android.sun.security.pkcs12.PKCS12KeyStore
 android.sun.security.pkcs12.PKCS12KeyStore$1
 android.sun.security.pkcs12.PKCS12KeyStore$CertEntry
 android.sun.security.pkcs12.PKCS12KeyStore$KeyEntry
android/sun/security/x509/GeneralName.java
 android.sun.security.x509.GeneralName
android/sun/security/x509/NameConstraintsExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.NameConstraintsExtension
android/sun/security/x509/CertificateX509Key.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificateX509Key
android/sun/security/pkcs/EncryptedPrivateKeyInfo.java
 android.sun.security.pkcs.EncryptedPrivateKeyInfo
android/sun/security/x509/BasicConstraintsExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.BasicConstraintsExtension
com/android/apksig/internal/x509/Extension.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.x509.Extension
android/sun/security/x509/CRLReasonCodeExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CRLReasonCodeExtension
android/sun/security/x509/X509Key.java
 android.sun.security.x509.X509Key
android/sun/security/x509/CertificateVersion.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificateVersion
android/sun/security/x509/CertificateIssuerName.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificateIssuerName
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/v2/V2SchemeVerifier.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.v2.V2SchemeVerifier
com/android/apksig/internal/x509/TBSCertificate.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.x509.TBSCertificate
android/sun/security/x509/EDIPartyName.java
 android.sun.security.x509.EDIPartyName
com/android/apksig/ApkSigner.java
 com.android.apksig.ApkSigner
 com.android.apksig.ApkSigner$1
 com.android.apksig.ApkSigner$Builder
 com.android.apksig.ApkSigner$OutputSizeAndDataOffset
 com.android.apksig.ApkSigner$SignerConfig
 com.android.apksig.ApkSigner$SignerConfig$Builder
com/android/apksig/util/RunnablesProvider.java
 com.android.apksig.util.RunnablesProvider
com/android/apksig/internal/zip/CentralDirectoryRecord.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.zip.CentralDirectoryRecord
 com.android.apksig.internal.zip.CentralDirectoryRecord$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.zip.CentralDirectoryRecord$ByLocalFileHeaderOffsetComparator
android/sun/security/x509/CertificatePolicyMap.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertificatePolicyMap
android/sun/security/x509/AVA.java
 android.sun.security.x509.AVA
 android.sun.security.x509.AVAKeyword
android/sun/security/x509/URIName.java
 android.sun.security.x509.URIName
com/android/apksig/internal/util/OutputStreamDataSink.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.OutputStreamDataSink
com/android/apksig/util/ReadableDataSink.java
 com.android.apksig.util.ReadableDataSink
com/android/apksig/internal/apk/SignatureAlgorithm.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.apk.SignatureAlgorithm
android/sun/security/x509/GeneralNames.java
 android.sun.security.x509.GeneralNames
com/android/apksig/internal/x509/Validity.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.x509.Validity
android/sun/security/provider/JavaKeyStore.java
 android.sun.security.provider.JavaKeyStore
 android.sun.security.provider.JavaKeyStore$1
 android.sun.security.provider.JavaKeyStore$CaseExactJKS
 android.sun.security.provider.JavaKeyStore$JKS
 android.sun.security.provider.JavaKeyStore$KeyEntry
 android.sun.security.provider.JavaKeyStore$TrustedCertEntry
android/sun/security/ec/ECKeyFactory.java
 android.sun.security.ec.ECKeyFactory
 android.sun.security.ec.ECKeyFactory$1
 android.sun.security.ec.ECKeyFactory$2
com/android/apksig/internal/asn1/Asn1BerParser.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1BerParser
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1BerParser$1
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1BerParser$AnnotatedField
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1BerParser$Asn1UnexpectedTagException
 com.android.apksig.internal.asn1.Asn1BerParser$BerToJavaConverter
com/android/apksig/internal/jar/ManifestWriter.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.jar.ManifestWriter
android/sun/security/x509/PrivateKeyUsageExtension.java
 android.sun.security.x509.PrivateKeyUsageExtension
android/sun/security/x509/X509CRLImpl.java
 android.sun.security.x509.X509CRLImpl
 android.sun.security.x509.X509CRLImpl$X509IssuerSerial
com/android/apksig/internal/util/VerityTreeBuilder.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.VerityTreeBuilder
com/android/apksig/internal/util/ByteBufferUtils.java
 com.android.apksig.internal.util.ByteBufferUtils
android/sun/security/x509/CertAndKeyGen.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertAndKeyGen
android/sun/security/pkcs/PKCS10.java
 android.sun.security.pkcs.PKCS10
android/sun/misc/IOUtils.java
 android.sun.misc.IOUtils
android/sun/security/util/ByteArrayTagOrder.java
 android.sun.security.util.ByteArrayTagOrder
android/sun/security/x509/AttributeNameEnumeration.java
 android.sun.security.x509.AttributeNameEnumeration
android/sun/security/x509/OtherName.java
 android.sun.security.x509.OtherName
android/sun/security/x509/CertException.java
 android.sun.security.x509.CertException
com/android/apksig/util/DataSources.java
 com.android.apksig.util.DataSources
